Proceed to Degree Navigator.
Required Credits: 36    Program Version: FS19
Requirement 1: Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - Introduction
Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - Introduction: 1 course from GSAH201
Requirement 2: Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - Approaches
Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - Approaches: 1 course from GSAH301
Requirement 3: Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - Senior Seminar
Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - Senior Seminar: 1 course from GSAH450
Requirement 4: Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - Affiliated Courses
Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - Affiliated Courses: 12 credits from courses with the approval of the student's advisor.
Requirement 5: Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - International Experience
Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - International Experience: 1 credit from an international experience through study abroad, study away, or internship. This experience must be approved by the student's advisor.
Requirement 6: Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - Language Proficiency
Additional Major - Global Studies in the Arts and Humanities - Language Proficiency: 1 credit from a foreign language demonstrating oral proficiency in a second language as certified by the Center for Language Teaching Advancement (CeLTA). See student's advisor for more information.
Requirement 7: College Distribution
College Distribution: 30 credits from courses at the 300 level and above.
Requirement 8: College - Arts and Letters - Second Language
College - Arts and Letters - Second Language: 1 course from a second year foreign language course demonstrating competency in a foreign language.
Requirement 9: College - Arts and Letters - Cognate Requirement
College - Arts and Letters - Cognate Requirement: 15 credits from a cognate. Both the cognate and the courses must be approved by the student's academic advisor.
Requirement 10: College - Arts and Letters - Experiential Education
College - Arts and Letters - Experiential Education: 3 credits from in one of the follow approved by College; internship, service-community engaged experience, research or creative project, or study abroad or away program
Requirement 11
36 credits required to complete this degreeThe specified coursework in this program may not equal this total. The difference must be made up of open options which must be acceptable within the limits of this program. In cases of doubt, please consult an academic advisor.
